please cover your mouth looking at the
light I can't sneeze anymore you know
what makes you sneeze what we're doing a
summertime fancy pizza everybody it's
not gonna be fancy it's gonna be spicy
we're gonna do a summertime spicy pizza
for y'all it's a kickoff to the summer
and why not do it with a kick
five pepper pepperoni yes zoda's cold
yeah okay so far five pepper pepperoni
pizza we're gonna use four peppers and
the pepperoni and the bad guys oh I got
it
the peppers we're going to be using for
this is going to be the tamed jalapeno
peppers mild pepper rings golden Greek
pepperoncini and roasted red bell
peppers and of course pepperoni so this
is store-bought dough which most of the
time doesn't need to rise again saves
you on time so if you're not a dough
expert don't feel bad about buying
store-bought dough we don't I heard if
you go into a pizza shop you can ask to
buy their dough which will be the best
dough you can ever get unless it's Papa
John's so Julia wanted to make the cross
spicy so we mixed a blend of red pepper
flakes garlic powder oregano and
Parmesan cheese brushed some butter onto
the cross and then sprinkled the mixture
on top and I already tried the crust
because now it's the future and it
tasted a lot like a spicy everything
bagel so good and like any great pizza
we must conventionally begin with our
sauce and a fresh mozzarella this
actually isn't fresh mozzarella but
let's imagine it is ooh
so fresh
yeehaw
once your pizza's done baking royal
until it looks good
all right pick it up ow this pizzas
burning my hand as a finishing touch add
more pepper sauce to our five pepper
pepperoni pizza along with a pair of
peperoncinis to garnish deplete just
like Papa John does no and there you
have a folks a five pepper pepperoni
that is more than five types of peppers
it's almost like we have trouble
counting or something Julia you're what
the French call lazy comical
I mean lazy I don't know what it means
my dad said Julie I just remember you as
a child you're so cute whenever we'd
have dinner you and your six brothers
would sit around a table and you would
hoard as much as you could this is my
dad's impersonation of me as a child
just why I was chubby anyways as far as
spicy things go high metabolizing good
for your stomach as long as you don't
overdo it and we got a thing Mazetti for
sponsoring this video he's doing a crazy
giveaway what's the giveaway Julia is
that as a company that sells high
quality peppers and pickled vegetable
products to suit any taste you can find
Mazetti products at your local grocery
store even Walmart the only place that
exists where we move enter the bold
bright summer contest for a chance to
win a summer entertainment kit including
a gas grill cooler cutting board apron
towel beach ball and tons of Mazetti
peppers so Julia can wheel enter to win
no GP visit the link in the description
below for your chance to win the best
summer you've ever had Mazzella
making life better
and we're back we are we have a whole
pizza and it rotates it rotates what do
you want my baby let's just have a bite
okay for the health of it it's sweet and
spicy mm-hmm your more seeds and pith
you get the spicier it is where you
going when you take a bite into them
there's like that juiciness and side
it's the thing that I adored when I bite
into it are you married guys no I swear
to God with this salad you can get like
the liquid and put it on top of whatever
and I'm gonna put the liquid you live on
my team I didn't know she wanted me to
just take a bite mine's even spicier
than yours so all right ready this is my
slicer here okay let's give it a go
all right let's go for it or one bite ah
this is good you packed a punch in us ha
ha you're your own little world their
brother spice ah so we got this crust
let me go in this cross very the same
mmm she's liking everything bagel this
pizza is like on eat this pizza go to
sleep sweat it out you'll wake up 10
pounds lighter why water waves a lot I
love this pizza let's just cool man
you know I dig about so again don't
forget to subscribe we will see you for
another episode of healthy junk food be
a fun copycat recipe or one of our own
fast food home creations we'll see you
next time bye
by rock on take it easy keep in touch